Great, since you really won the bidding for Dawan Square
Well, congratulations Jinhe.
Let's go first
Bye bye bye
Lin Fan
Let's hurry home and tell our parents the news
Ok don't go don't go
What are you doing?
You misunderstood.
We are Hanzhong Real Estate
Dawan Square Project
How much can I cooperate with you?
President Qiao, I represent Tianliang Culture
In the future, everyone will cooperate and win together.
Ah, don't worry.
We are willing to cooperate with all parties.
We go hand in hand
Create Jiangdong together
Join hands for win-win results
Win-win cooperation
Come on.
Hey slightly
Why are you still here?
Our Joe Group won the bidding
I have to stay and congratulate
Oh no.
Aren't you that meritorious employee of Xu Aoyu?
Stay here to watch your sister take action
Hey, sister, take care of him.
Hello, is this President Qiao of Qiao's Group?
Dad, what is this?
Joe answered the square to win the bidding
It has been delivered to Qiao's house.
Your grandfather decided
You have been officially appointed president of the Joe Group
Hurry up and bring Lin Fan back
We'll be right back. Okay.
Sister, wait for me.